 * Create Item shop
    * Search and filter for items

---------------------------
 * Inventory - show item information somehow
                - feedback to user when we couldn't save to db

 * Create bag

 * Create checkout

 * Implement stripe payments


---------------------------
 * Deploy the site

---------------------------
 * Do Readme
    * Colour pallete
    * Screen shot in sizzy

 L01
    All criteria met, need to document manual testing done.

 L02
    * Create relational database schema
    * One form with validation that will allow users to create records in the database (mine doesn't create records)

 L03
    * Authentication mechanism, allowing user to register and login (using twitch channel). Addressing a clear reason why the users need to.
    * Login/Registration forms displayed to anonymous users.
    * Non-admin users are not able to access the data store
        If non superuser goes to admin login, redirect them to the last page.

 L04
    * Implement sometime of online payment system using stripe. Can be One time payments.
    * Feedback system that reports successful / unsuccessful purchases to the user.

 L05
    * Deploy the site
    * No commented out code, no broken internal links
    * Security:
        Use env variables, no secret keys in the github repo
        Debug mode is off
    * Create README
    * Fully describe data scheme
        - relational db diagram
        - diagram explaining front-end javascript



 * Create Blog?



Potential bugs/features?
Sometimes when logging in with twitch account, the user is presented with a black and white box that causes the login to fail. Retrying to login after this works. I'm not sure 
why this happens.

-------
Resources used
--------
Find colourblind appropriate colours
https://davidmathlogic.com/colorblind/#%23000000-%23E69F00-%2356B4E9-%23009E73-%23F0E442-%230072B2-%23D55E00-%23CC79A7

Test colours and view them through the lenses of different colourblindness
https://coolors.co/0072b2-d55e00-000000-ffffff-e69f00

Generate box shadow code:
https://cssgenerator.org/box-shadow-css-generator.html

Konva drag and drop:
https://codepen.io/pierrebleroux/pen/gGpvxJ

color.review

https://cssgradient.io/

https://autoprefixer.github.io/
-------
Technologies used
--------
Python
HTML 5
SASS
CSS 3
Javascript (ES6)
Konva.js
Bootstrap
Django
Sizzy
Neovim



Website ideas:


-----
GAME
-----

Bot and website to interact:
	- Bot to query database via API (fastapi)

- Users to be able to use their twitch account to login (via allauth) [done]

- Users can choose from a list of characters and upgrade certain stats.
	- HP
	- MP
	- Agility - speed across the screen
	- Dexterity - change to dodge attacks
	- Strength - affect dealt

	- Users can choose appearance from a number limited options

	- Classes?
		- Rogue
		- Fighter
		- Mage
		- Archer

	- Why have classes? They could have different abilities that trigger as a "special attack".


-----
BLOG
-----

Be able to publish posts.
	- Django can publish markdown with template filters.

Have people comment on them if they so desire.



----
SHOP
----

Users can spend points on items for their characters.

* Use stripe to buy more points with real money. But then remove this feature after project has been marked.

---
POINTS
---

Generated by being in chat. You can earn more if you are interactive / talking, etc.

Presuming we reach affiliate and people decide to sub:
	- earn more points for subs
	- gift subs
	- bits, etc




Django models

- Users

- Characters
	- stats
- items

BlogPosts
	- authors
	- published date
	- comments?
	- status (draft / visible )

Comments




Learn how to make characters (pixel?)

Do we offer a number of options for face, body, posture, etc
